Hello everybody and welcome back.
In this lecture I'd like to have a closer look at deleting a class is not as straightforward as going
down into your content browser and trying to delete it.
Now you may have noticed the eagle eyed amongst you that I have this position in world component as
well.
That was me just doing a bit of testing before and I inadvertently forgot to delete it or I thought
I had but it was still there.
I got caught out in the same way you guys are going to get caught out yourself.
So let's run through the process of making sure that the position in world in my case here is deleted.
Now you you probably don't have something that you need to delete at the moment.
If not just carry on watching and I can guarantee at some point you will do.
In which case this will become incredibly useful.
Now the first thing is here to make sure that it is not a component of any of your objects.
Now this can be quite onerous.
However in this particular case I don't have it on any of my two objects that I've attached anything
to in the scene.
So that's absolutely fine there.
Now one thing I would mention at this point is if you don't do that when you try and delete it it will
still be there when you open unreal back up.
And even after you redo V.S. code even though everything else to do with it won't exist anymore.
So first of all make sure that none of your actors have that component on it.
Then we can go ahead and we can't delete it from here.
But what we can do is go over into the file browser and start deleting things there.
So I'm gonna close down on real now.
After saving my work and I'm going to go now to where I have my building escape project.
Now there are a couple of things that we need to do here The first is to go into the source folder find
the Oh I've gone too far.
No I haven't position in world and position in world CBP.
Both of these need deleting.
So I'll go ahead and do that now.
So if that's out of the way the next thing I need to do is go to the building escape folder.
Okay.
So now we're in this area we can delete the binaries folder.
That's one of those derived folders.
We don't need to save anything here but now that with delete that we can go ahead and relaunch unreal.
Excellent.
Now once this is launching onto the project manager we can open up our building escape again.
And you may see this a message.
He certainly will when we deleted the binaries.
And then after a few moments when the level reloads we should see that we no longer have our position
in world class.
There we go the binaries has just been rebuilt.
We can see that there and there we go.
We no longer have a position in world there.
Now one thing that you'll notice is also the sphere and the cube have gone.
That's because at the moment I'm viewing an untitled level.
What I'm gonna do here is go to my content folder and double click on building escape just to load that
level up.
And there we go.
This should have our components on it.
Our well position here and our world position there as well.
Perfect.
Okay.
So there is one final thing to do now that all of that is sorted and is to refresh the Visual Studio
code projects.
So let's do that now.
Excellent.
And when we go ahead and open Visual Studio code what we should then find if the file explorer is open
which is perfect we no longer have our position in world here as well.
There we go.
So this is one of these moments that is a bit of a head scratcher when you first come across it but
being able to delete a class if you've missed.
Name something if something needs to be removed you now know how to do it.
So if you've got any questions with that please reach out.
In the discussions and I'll see you all in the next lecture.